Grandpa grandpa grandpa
Impossible. You must have hired the stove
It's all fake.
How could this trash be the Dragon King?
I am not Mrs. Zhao
Is it a dead one, you still refuse to accept it?
You bunch of liars want me to be convinced
Lord Suzaku dares to cause death here
How did Xiao Tianshi deal with it?
Just you liars want to deal with me
Even if you kill me, I don't believe you are the Dragon King
You have the ability to try me
Let's see if the sky will collapse this summer
I am the Dragon King
Won't kill easily
The Zhao family's century-old foundation was destroyed in one fell swoop
It's my fault
Go away, you still can't touch me
You wait.
I will definitely make you and the Fan family pay the price
Here we go.
Li Jia
I didn't let you go.
Zhao Gongzi go away
Bastard, come back to me
Li Jiaoer, this is why you would rather kill me
Do you want to follow the man too?
Xiao Yan, I was wrong, I was wrong.
These are beckons.
Knowledge I did
No, I didn't do it.
Can you forgive me?
He would say
Aren't you still holding on?
Then we're still husband and wife, right?
Husband and wife quarrel at the head of the bed and at the end of the bed
Can you forgive me?
I will marry you right away